One key aspect of serverless architecture is that it usually relies on
the interaction between many different cloud resources.
This can be difficult to manage on your own.
So for this course, we'll use one of my favorite technologies,
the Serverless Framework.
The Serverless Framework lets you configure,
test, develop,
and deploy entire serverless applications from a single configuration file.
This takes the headache away from deployment,
ensures that you have reproducible architecture,
and makes it significantly easier to test lambda code by running it locally.
In order to allow us to focus on more important things,
I've done a lot of the work to create a working application
with the Serverless Framework already.
If you want to learn more about the Serverless Framework,
you can check out the course Using the Serverless
Framework with Node on AWS here, on Pluralsight.
This will explain a lot of the things that we will gloss over in this course.
One thing to note here.
The Serverless Framework won't be on the AWS
Developer Associate Certification exam.
We're only using it here because it's going to simplify a lot
of pieces and allow us to get to more interesting parts of serverless architecture quicker.